Hello friends, ICICI LB General
Insurance Company has announced its December quarter
numbers.  So let's
see how this quarter has been
for the company.  This is the statement in front of you and the
figures are given in a million.  First of all, let us
see the total income which is
₹6610 crores.  December is for the quarter.
Whereas in the September quarter it was worth
₹6582 crore and in the quarter of last year it was worth
₹582 crore.
So the total income of the company has increased
year on year and quarter on quarter, the
total income is increasing in both conditions.
Let us now see what the total expenses are.
This is for the December quarter,
it is worth ₹639 crore.  In the
September quarter, it was worth ₹5830
crore and in the quarter of last year, it was worth
₹5197 crore.
Let us see what the profit for the period is.
This is the profit after
tax for the period of Rs 658 crore 76
lakh.  This is for the December quarter.   In the
September quarter, the
company's profit was ₹819 crore 54 lakh
and in the quarter of last year, the
profit was ₹724 crore 38 lakh.  So
profits are declining.  Profits are declining here year on year.
Profit has reduced from Rs 724 crore to Rs 658 crore.  There
is also a big decline in it quarter on quarter.  Profit has reduced from Rs 819 crore to Rs
658 crore.
In both the conditions the profit of the company has decreased.
Whereas the company has seen an increase in revenue.
Let us now see
what is the earnings per share.  Earnings
per share.  The basic price is ₹13.25 per share and
in the September quarter it was ₹16.49 per
share and in the last year quarter
it was ₹14.63 per share.  So friends, this was the
information about the
December ending quarterly numbers of ICICI LBR LED.  That's all for now
in the video.  If
you liked the video then
like it.  Subscribe to the channel.
See you with the second video.  Thank
you.